c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\MixedAPISite.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\MixedAPISite.pdb
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\obj\Debug\MixedAPISite.dll
c:\users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\obj\Debug\MixedAPISite.pdb
C:\Users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\Autofac.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\Elmah.dll
C:\Users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\Elmah.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\obj\Debug\MixedAPISite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sbering\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MixedAPISite\MixedAPISite\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
